Add str_studio cadence_16 keyboard (#24940)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/str_studio/cadence_16/readme.md

# Cadence_16

> ![Cadence_16](https://strstudio.net/_next/image?url=%2Fcadence-1.png&w=1920&q=100)

Reviewer: This image needs to be rehosted on Imgur. Doesn't look like this link works anyway.

A weighty compact 16 keys numpad designed, made and sold by [str studio](https://strstudio.net/) in California.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [str studio](https://strstudio.net/)
* Hardware Availability: [str studio - store](https://strstudio.net/store/cadence)

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     qmk compile -kb str_studio/cadence_16 -km default
> 
> Flashing the firmware using [QMK Toolbox](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_toolbox)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make str_studio/cadence_16:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make str_studio/cadence_16:default:flash
```
